README.md, before:

# Rhythm Plus Music Game

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/5f8676be-76d6-48e7-849f-24c85a3a8970/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/rhythm-plus-staging/deploys)
[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/760931362378874910/widget.png)](https://discord.com/invite/ZGhnKp4)

Rhythm plus is a web-based vertical scrolling rhythm game (VSRG), you can make, play, and share any songs from and with anyone!

[![gameplay](https://rhythm-plus.web.app/og.jpg)](https://rhythm-plus.com/)




## Gameplay

[**Play Now**](https://rhythm-plus.com/)

### Title Screen

![](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (6).png>)

### Song Select

![](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (3).png>)

### Gameplay

![Gameplay](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/Screenshot (124).png>)

![Custom Colors](https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/colors.png)

### Preferences

![Preferences](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (4).png>)

### Sheet Editor

![Sheet Editor](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/Screenshot (122).png>)

![Editor 2](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (2).png>)


[![early gameplay gif](gameplay.gif)](https://rhythm-plus.com/)

Built with Vue.JS and vanilla canvas 2d api. Visit our [wiki](https://wiki.rhythm-plus.com/) for more information. Join our [discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ZGhnKp4) to get the latest updates!


## Contributors

[@henryzt](https://github.com/henryzt)
[@jieyouxu](https://github.com/jieyouxu)
[@KZHIWEI](https://github.com/KZHIWEI)
[@yoyouC](https://github.com/yoyouC)
[@Kouakiradou](https://github.com/Kouakiradou)
[@Shadowhusky](https://github.com/Shadowhusky)

Commit message:

docs: Update README with refined project description

README.md, after:

# Rhythm Plus Music Game

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/5f8676be-76d6-48e7-849f-24c85a3a8970/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/rhythm-plus-staging/deploys)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/760931362378874910?color=7289da&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/invite/ZGhnKp4)

Rhythm Plus is a community-based web Vertical Scrolling Rhythm Game (VSRG) that allows you to create, play, and share songs with anyone!

[![gameplay](https://rhythm-plus.web.app/og.jpg)](https://rhythm-plus.com/)




## Gameplay

[**Play Now**](https://rhythm-plus.com/)

### Title Screen

![](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (6).png>)

### Song Select

![](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (3).png>)

### Gameplay

![Gameplay](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/Screenshot (124).png>)

![Custom Colors](https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/colors.png)

### Preferences

![Preferences](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (4).png>)

### Sheet Editor

![Sheet Editor](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/Screenshot (122).png>)

![Editor 2](<https://github.com/rhythm-plus/wiki-gitbook/blob/master/.gitbook/assets/image (2).png>)


[![early gameplay gif](gameplay.gif)](https://rhythm-plus.com/)


Built with **Vue.js 2** and **Vanilla Canvas 2D API**. Visit our [Wiki](https://wiki.rhythm-plus.com/) for more information. Join our [Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/ZGhnKp4) to get the latest updates!

> This repository contains the source code for the legacy V1 version of Rhythm Plus which is built with Firebase Firestore.
>
> We are currently working on V2, the biggest update to Rhythm Plus. V2 is built with a modern stack including **Nuxt 3**, **TypeScript**, **PixiJS**, and **Babylon.js**, supporting custom skins, true 3D modes, SV, and much more! V2 is not yet open-sourced, please stay tuned!
>
> To learn more about V2 and stay updated, [join our Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ZGhnKp4)!



## Contributors
[@henryzt](https://github.com/henryzt) [@robinWongM](https://github.com/robinWongM) [@jieyouxu](https://github.com/jieyouxu) [@KZHIWEI](https://github.com/KZHIWEI) [@yoyouC](https://github.com/yoyouC) [@Kouakiradou](https://github.com/Kouakiradou) [@Shadowhusky](https://github.com/Shadowhusky) [@splamei](https://github.com/splamei)
